Good morning, family.
How are you all doing today?
Praise the Lord.
I had a dream last night, and the Lord spoke to me, warning me to warn you all about watching your children during the holiday season.
When you're going out shopping, don't get distracted.
If you take them into a mall or a major retail store, don't get distracted with your surroundings.
I saw that there was a plan while people were distracted; they had children wandering around, going off from them a little bit to look at presents or something from the store.
These were younger kids, probably ten years old and younger.
I saw men watching the children and watching the parents secretly, as if they didn't know they were being followed.
These mothers were distracted with all the other kids.
If you had two or three kids with you, you would be distracted with shopping because the places were full of people.
As the other kid would wander off, I saw the men assigned to grab these children for bad intentions.
This is something we can pray against today.
I've seen in the comments where people ask, "Where did the 350,000 kids go?
" After my son brought that up, I had this dream.
I know when the Lord's speaking to me because I wake up and can't stop thinking about it all day; it's stirring in my spirit.
I believe the Lord is warning me to warn you all so that you are on guard.
I've warned you about being in public places already because of people doing stupid things with mass shootings and big events.
I am praying over the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade next week, Rockin' New Year's Eve, Atlanta—because He showed me Atlanta—the shopping malls, and events in general because it's a very active time of year.
This was just another thing the Lord brought up to tell people: watch your children.
Do not walk in fear; it's not a call to fear, but a call to prayer so that your antenna is up.
Keep your antennas up because the enemy has a plan all the time to kill, steal, and destroy.
We pray against those plans so that people are watching their kids and their surroundings when they go shopping.
It's an exciting time, and people are not paying attention because they are looking at sales.
I wanted to shed some light on an enemy plan to kidnap children and take them into slavery.
I've been praying over the war, interceding for what I believe would be an acceleration of what I've seen coming.
I believe the Lord wants to give us a window of extended grace and favor, turning things around with the economy.
I've told you all about the attack against the economy and the house of cards falling.
My son is making a video for you right now, and this was the Antichrist flag that the Lord showed me when I went to tribulation with Jesus.
This is what the Antichrist will raise up and put on all the buildings whenever he is ruling.
He makes you take down your country's flag and put up his.
I tried to the best of my ability to remember the five stars representing the five pillars of Islam.
It is very interesting, like the UN logo, but this is the old Afghan flag from the 2000s.
After Afghanistan fell, it was the Northern Alliance flag that this actually looks like.
My son made this, and it came right out of my spirit.
When somebody said it looked like the Northern Afghanistan Alliance flag, I was like, "What?
" I bring all this up to rehash it because there are a lot of new faces here.
I'm grateful for every single one of you subscribing.
I was out in the garage praying, and I heard the Lord tell me, "Trump will be known as a wartime president.
" I thought, "Well, that's not good.
" I asked the Lord for the direction of 2025.
Are we going to have a major crash or see the house of cards fall?
I was praying over the plague I've seen coming, the economy, and the new digital platform they're birthing.
The Lord showed me key people in NATO were trying to stir up this war because Trump was going to try to pull out completely and not fund the Ukrainian thing.
The Lord showed me Trump would try to strong-arm Putin, but the Lord said, "You will not be able to strong-arm Putin this way.
" He'll have to handle him with caution because things have escalated rapidly.
We have to pray he has supernatural wisdom on how to walk around landmines because you're dealing with an aggressive enemy that is like a wounded animal.
This war has been going on for four years.
Emmanuel Macron has been kind of quiet since President Trump was announced, but I told you the UK would be involved, supplying missiles and trying to provoke a major World War III by sending these long-range weapons.
Biden is going alongside it, saying they're innocent while giving these weapons.
They're saying if you do this, we're going to use weapons we've never used before—weapons of mass destruction, major artillery.
Old Cold War alliances are trying to stir up again.
The Lord showed me they would try to bring down the dollar through BRICS and other things.
They were watching to see how President Trump or Kamala Harris would handle the next phases because they had a plan both ways.
I believe it's through an acceleration of war.
The Lord told me there are very sobering days ahead.
How the body of Christ will get through this is by being filled with the Holy Spirit.
In these last days, you will have to maintain a spirit of joy and keep yourself under the umbrella of His protection, understanding your covenant and walking in your authority in Psalm 91 and Psalm 23.
I believe with all my heart we will see the plague; it will come and do what the Bible said: plagues and pestilences.
Do we fear it?
No, but we are here for the birthing pains.
As labor pains upon a woman, they get more intense.
He said He would always provide for and take care of His beloved.
We walk with wisdom and pray over what He tells us.
The body of Christ must rise up more than ever and take authority so that the devil does not get a foothold.
The Lord told me, "When the election's over is not when this starts; it's when you put your foot on the gas even harder, interceding for what's coming.
" The enemy has a plan, and we are to put a kink in his hose.
I have a book right here called "The Ultimate Voice" by Oral Roberts.
Diana is reading with me now.
She's been helping me answer emails; it's been crazy, hasn't it, babe?
This was the last book Oral Roberts ever wrote in his 90s, and there are nuggets in here on how to hear the voice of the Lord for yourself.
You don't need a prophet to hear about investments or where you're supposed to live.
You have the Holy Spirit inside you.
Reading books like this fans the flame.
Diana, read that passage.
[Diana reads]: "God will call you to become an extension to others of what He has done in your life.
The area of your life that God heals is very likely the area of service He wants you to extend to others.
The person who has been healed emotionally from abuse becomes a healer to those who are abused.
The person who has been healed physically becomes a nurse or physician.
No person can minister God’s love to another person beyond his level of personal experience.
To minister God’s love, the other person must know that you have been where he is.
You will find it difficult to believe for others to have a miracle unless you have experienced that miracle in your own life.
Once you have experienced miracles, it is easy to believe for miracles in the lives of others.
I have been a far more compassionate evangelist because I know what it means to have been sick.
What He has done in you, He likely desires to do through you.
" Do you see that?
What have you come through in your life?
God will use that pain to help someone else who is walking through it right now because you have compassion for it.
We have more compassion for people with special needs.
Every single time I see them, it makes me want to weep.
When someone has walked through cancer, they have more compassion.
When we went to Billy Burke, he said you will have an anointing for women that have children with special needs in the womb—with Down syndrome and things like that—because we've walked through that valley of the shadow of death.
Diana and I stand with you for your kids and special needs children.
We're going to pray over your children, this war, and protection as you go to the malls.
Be like a military scout watching the wall; my kids aren't leaving my side.
Father, I thank You for every person represented here today.
We plead the blood of Jesus over their children and over the 350,000 who have disappeared coming over the border.
I thank You, Father, that all hidden things be revealed, from sex trafficking to slavery and all kinds of evil.
I call judgment down on the people who have done anything to these kids.
You said it would be better to have never been born or have a millstone thrown around your neck and be dragged to the bottom of the ocean if you lay hands on one of these little children.
Show the authorities, the Trump administration—when they come into power, they will find every single one of them and bring them to safety.
Let all hidden things be revealed.
We thank You, Lord, that the FBI and Homeland Security would find every single one of them, and the people who did anything harsh will be prosecuted.
I thank You, Father, for every child during this holiday season.
As their moms or dads are shopping, they are protected.
Whatever the devil means for bad, I thank You that You will put a discernment even stronger in these families.
We believe for Your divine protection concerning Christmas shopping.
I thank You that when they're going out, they will not have any kind of mass casualties, shootings, or terrorist attacks.
Your angelic host is watching over us.
There is no terrorist attack on Rockin' New Year's Eve or on the parade.
No weapon formed against the Thanksgiving Day Parade will prosper.
Now, Father, we lift up the war.
We thank You that there is a kink in the enemy's plan and an exposing of this in Jesus' name.
There is confusion in the enemy's camp so they cannot destroy lives through war.
We tell you, devil, you are under our feet.
We thank You, Lord, that we will not have casualties in our homes.
Trump is raising up godly leadership around him.
I thank You, Lord—I just saw that—praying over the woman from Florida, an attempt to take Trump out concerning a blonde-headed woman.
I say the blonde-headed woman will not touch Trump at all.
She will be exposed and found out.
He will have wisdom not to go around this person.
We take authority in Florida that no Jezebel blonde-headed woman will take out Trump.
Her plans and schemes are revealed and exposed.
No attacks on his life will be successful.
He will fulfill his divine assignment.
Around him, there would be godly people, not distractions.
He is picking the good people that are going to lead this nation back to victory.
I thank You for a divine hedge of protection over the next 59 days.
No weapon formed against this nation will prosper through December and January leading to the inauguration.
We will get Joe Biden out of power and he and Kamala Harris will be retired.
As they lead right now, I thank You that any evil schemes are uncovered and they are not able to finish them.
There is peace over America.
I pray over Israel and the Palestinian children.
We pray over the Palestinian children and thank You that they are protected—the innocent blood.
I pray over Elon Musk and call him born again, saved, sanctified, and filled with the Holy Spirit.
He will have a saving knowledge of Lord Jesus Christ and be baptized in the Holy Spirit.
This is a time where great men and women will rise up and be like the next Billy Grahams, using their celebrity to spread the Gospel throughout the whole world.
God will use Starlink now for good to spread the Gospel.
Elon Musk is born again, and people will be put on his path to tell him about Jesus.
Diana is going to pray for women now.
[Diana prays]: Father, for all the women believing to conceive a baby, we lift them up and speak life over their wombs, healing over their reproductive systems, ovaries, and fallopian tubes.
We thank You that they are able to conceive and carry to full term.
Your word says our vine will not cast its fruit before its time.
They are able to conceive easily and have healthy pregnancies.
When they deliver, it would be an easy process and those babies would be healthy and whole.
Their Apgar scores would be perfect.
We thank You for whole babies and wonderful deliveries.
We speak over the home that the marriages are whole and the parents have a foundation on the word to train the children in the way they should go.
[Brendan continues]: I agree with that.
Thank You, Lord, for no postpartum depression and that babies would be able to nurse easily.
We do what You've assigned us to do with great joy.
Bless their households.
If Your people called by Your name humble themselves and pray, You will heal our land.
We are believing for a million people to pray with us daily.
We are changing things in the spirit realm.
The enemy is not happy, but we are not moved by what we see or feel.
We do what You've called us to do with great boldness, not holding back anything.
Every person here is healed and whole.
Just like the children of Israel, their feet did not swell, and they didn't have arthritis or disease.
Your children today have a better covenant than that of Abraham.
We walk in divine health in a greater capacity because we have a greater covenant.
We are healed by Your stripes.
If there is any sick among you, call for the elders.
Back then, it was an "if" because they weren't expecting them to be sick.
We thank You that we walk in Divine Healing.
We are called to be the salt of the earth.
As we draw nigh to You, You draw nigh to us.
We seek Your face every day because we're desperate for Your voice and an intimate relationship.
We want to follow the voice of the Lord and be filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
Holy Spirit, we thank You that You are a great comforter and teacher.
We hear Your voice all the time.
I am good at hearing the voice of the Lord.
He is speaking to me now.
We have an inward knowing; no confusion with a demonic spirit.
We take authority over the spirit of torment and fear.
We hear clearly what the Father has to say.
This is the day the Lord has made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.
We're so thankful that we have another day to do something big for You.
Amen.
Well, we believe that for you today.
This is a time like no other.
That fly—I hate those flies—is trying to distract while we're praying.
You better count your seconds, buddy; you're fixing to be gone.
People probably pointed him out in the comments.
We're excited you're here today.
Like the video and subscribe.
Click the notification bell.
You are helping the Gospel spread throughout the whole world.
If you're interested in the book, it will be in the link in the description.
We don't make anything off it; I only put five-star books that I think would help the body of Christ.
Thank you for joining us today.
We will be here again tomorrow.
I believe this is day 40.
I feel like the Lord told me to do this full-time.
Prayer changes things; it's the only thing that does.
I appreciate your prayers because when you disrupt the kingdom of darkness, they don't like that.
Diana and I both thank you for covering us in prayer.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.